Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to talk about cached network image.
What this is going to help us do is it will help us show images from the Internet and it will also help
us keep them in the cache directory.
Okay.
Now to install this, first of all, you have to head up to pop dot dev and over here you have to search
for cached network image.
And we are going to click on this first link and now we can then copy this code and back to VS code
and head up to your post peg demo fi and you have to paste it and you can see incrementally I have it.
Okay.
And now you have to use control and save.
Then click on get package.
Sorry, just control and save is enough.
It will then automatically start getting the package.
Okay.
And after that, we have to go back to the profile screen.
And use contrarian be and now within the scaffold we can then have the body property and for the body
we are going to have multiple widgets which are going to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
So what we can just do is we can have a column as is parents widgets column.
And as you know, the column can take multiple widgets.
So it has these children as is property and the first child is going to be a row.
You're going to see why we are is in a row.
Okay.
And the row can also take multiple widgets which are going to be displayed horizontally.
Right.
That is from left to right.
Okay.
And now we can then use a widget known as Clip Over, click over.
You can over in this to see what basically does.
Okay.
And now we can have a chart.
And for the chart we are then going to use that package we just installed Cat Network.
Image.
Okay.
The Cash Network image has a property known as Fields, which is basically referring to how we want
to display the image.
And we can then say box fields, dot cover and also how the newcomer and the cached network image has
all has a property known as Image Your Hell, which is referring to the source of the image.
And for now what we can just do is leave it empty.
In the future we are going to be able to retrieve the profile, the user image.
Okay.
And now also we can give it height to this image.
We can say we want a height of hundred, and also we can give a width to the image that is how wide
it's going to be.
And the height has to do with how long it's going to be.
And for the width we can also give on red.
Okay.
And now the cash network image also has a property known as Place Order, which is referring to if the
image has not showed up yet, what else do we want to show?
And for this, what we have to do is we have to pass the contest over this parentheses and the URL.
And we're just going to use another function and say if we do not have any images to share, we then
want to show secular secular progress.
Progress indicator.
Okay.
And of course, it also has a property known as a hero widget.
And also we have to create this parenthesis and it's going to take the contest contest and the URL of
the image and also the last property is going to take is the hero.
Okay.
And then we can use an arrow function.
To say we want to return a icon with at.
And this is going to be icons that maybe era.
Okay.
And this is basically it.
Now, how do you trying to come over there and what is that?
If we don't understand, you can do well to let me know.
And I'm fully available to support you any time, any day.
Okay.
Flip over.
Most of the time you can just copy and I think I have the.
Okay.
Sorry, we just have to check this first before I explain that.
Click on this profile.
So I think.
Okay.
You can see currently we have no image and this circle progress circle, our progress indicator has
been displayed and what we can do is within the row we can then set -- alignment and main axis alignment
or center meaning us alignment.
Main us.
Okay.
Dot center to take it to the center.
Okay, wait for this and you can see why we are basically using the column widget.
And the reason for this column is because we want all our widgets to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
And within the column widgets we are using error widgets.
And the reason for this is we want to have a.
An image over our year right there, maybe something of our year, right.
So what we will basically do is it will help us display our image horizontally, that is from left to
right.
While a column widget will help us display our widgets vertically, we can see why we are basically
using a column to wrap everything up.
Because also after this row we can.
Come out from its.
But I didn't come here and maybe have another test.
I'm just going to type something gibberish.
Okay.
Why is there this error?
Test.
He's trying to save and it's going to be here.
Right, he concedes.
And if we are still within the rule, we can then have another test.
And.
Type something gibberish.
And you're going to see it over here.
You can see the via.
Okay.
So you can see what the difference between rural and coal, right?
So what we have to do is to get rid of it.
I'm basically just showing you.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.